In this video, we're going
to look at how we can manage
our Named Ranges using a tool
called the Name Manager.
In the last video, we helped
Zara name each of the columns,
but she's decided
that amount paid
would be a better name
for her amount data.
Now, what we don't
want to do is go and
create another named
range called Amount Paid.
It won't replace the first,
it will be added as well,
and we'll end up with
two Named Ranges
looking at the same data,
which may cause confusion
and problems down the line.
So what we're going to do,
is actually edit the
existing Named Range.
We do that by coming
to our "Formulas" tab,
and in the Define Names group,
clicking on our
"Name Manager" tool.
If you hover over it, you see
the keyboard shortcut
is "Ctrl+F3".
I'm going to click on that,
and similar to the name box,
it gives us a list of
all the Named Ranges.
But you can see it gives us
a lot more information
like the values contained,
the cells it refers
to, and the scope.
It also gives us the option
to create a new Named Range,
edit an existing one,
or delete an existing one.
Now, we want to edit
the amount Named Range.
So making sure it's highlighted,
we're going to click
on the "Edit" button,
and then we're just going to
click into the Name Box
and type our underscore and paid.
You'll notice we can also
change the cells it refers to,
but we can't change the scope.
So that's one thing you
have to get right upfront.
Now click "Okay", and our
Named Range has been updated.
Any calculations that refer to
this Named Range will
automatically pick up the change.
So this won't impact our
calculations in any way.
The other thing we
can do, is create
a brand new Named Range.
Now, I'd like to create one that
refers to my System_Date cell.
So I'm going to click
the "New" button,
but you'll see it
automatically picks
up the values that I had
highlighted previously.
So I'm going to change the
name to be System_Date,
but then I'm going to change,
the rate she refers
refers to, to be B2.
I can also change the scope,
so I'm going to do that so
you can see the difference.
I'm going to make it
MC Invoice Report,
and then I'm going
to say, "Okay",
our new Named Range
has been added.
Let's go and use that in a
formula and we'll see how
the scope affects the Named
Range in our calculation.
So we're just going to
click "Close" for a moment.
Can I ask you to click into
"D2" and type "tomorrow",
and then tab to E2.
We're going to do a
little calculation
to work out tomorrow's date.
So that's going to be "=".
Click on your "System_date"
plus 1 and then press "Enter".
Now remember, if our dates
don't come up in
the correct format,
we just come to our "Home" tab,
come to our Number Formatting,
I'm going to make
that a Short Date.
So that's looking fine.
Now the next thing
we're going to look at,
is what happens if we
delete a Named Range.
So coming back to
our "Formulas" Tab,
I'm going to come
to my Name Manager.
I'm going to scroll down
until I get to System_date,
and I'm going to press "Delete".
Excel is going to check,
"Are you sure you
want to do this?"
You actually do
need to be careful.
But for now, we're
going to say "Okay",
and "Close", you'll see my
formula immediately breaks.
If you delete a Named Range
that is being used
by a calculation,
it will not replace
the Named Range with the
original cell reference.
It will simply give
you a name error.
So that's something to
be very cautious of.
Now, in this case, we don't
actually need that calculation,
so I'm just going to remove it,
but do be cautious when
deleting Named Ranges.
Now one last little thing we're
going to look at in this video,
while we know to go and look
at Named Ranges in the Name
Box in the Name Manager,
other people might not
know about these tools,
and so it's handy
to know how we can
document our named
ranges in the workbook.
An Excel provides us with
a tool to do this as well.
Just so we don't get in
the way of anything,
I'm going to click into "Q5".
I'm coming back to
our Define Names.
We're going to come
to the Use in Formula
and click the drop-down arrow,
and right at the bottom,
there's a Paste Names option
which we're going to select,
and then we're going to
choose "Paste List".
If I just double-click between
the Q and the R to
widen that bit,
there's our full list of
Named Ranges as they
currently stand.
This will not
automatically update,
so it's just a snapshot,
but it's very handy to quickly
document your Named Ranges.
So two things we've
looked at there,
the Paste Names and
the Name Manager,
which will allow you to edit,
delete, and even add
new Named Ranges.
In the next video, we're going to
start using our Named Ranges in
our calculations and
then we'll start to
see why they are so useful.